IRAFNAME       RELPATH
crcalobs       calobs
crcalspec      calspec
croldcalspec   oldcalspec
crfields       fields
crwave         crwave
crmodewave     modewave
crfgs          fgs
crcomp         comp
crnonhstcomp   comp/nonhst
crotacomp      comp/ota
crcostarcomp   comp/costar
crfoccomp      comp/foc
crfoscomp      comp/fos
crhspcomp      comp/hsp
crhrscomp      comp/hrs
crwfpccomp     comp/wfpc
crwfpc2comp    comp/wfpc2
crfgscomp      comp/fgs
crnicmoscomp   comp/nicmos
cracscomp      comp/acs
crwfc3comp     comp/wfc3
crstiscomp     comp/stis
crcoscomp      comp/cos
coscomp        comp/cos
crjwstotecomp  comp/jwstote
crmiricomp     comp/miri
crnircamcomp   comp/nircam
crnirspeccomp  comp/nirspec
